--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Group 1 - Alijah, Nina, Kayla, Abdullah, Kahlil.

Behavioral:
1. Tell me about a time you had conflict with your manager and how you resolved it.
2. How would your manager describe you?
3. Tell me about a time you had to urgently resolve an issue.
4. How would you manage work-life balance if asked to work from home?

Technical:
1. How did you learn to code and what project are you most proud of?
2. How do you debug your code?
3. Do you bring any unique skills to this position?
4. How would you describe our product to someone who doesn't speak tech?
5. What would you do to ensure you provided accurate project time estimates?
6. What are the advantages and disadvantages of working in an agile environment?
7. What's the difference between JDK JRE and JVM?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------












1. Describe your career goals and interests. Why did you set these goals? How did you become interested in these things?

My career goals are to build a healthy career by becoming proficent in a challenging work environment,
then moving into a leadership postion, in a company that has a tangible effect on the world.
This would be a new kind of professional environment for me, so I look forward to learning new work flows and fostering new relationships.

I set these goals because I see investment in my career as the top of the list for what will move my life forward.
My previous jobs have felt like renting instead of owning property.

I've always had a passion for creative persuits and problem solving, and love seeing the way problems
can be solved elegantly with code and seeing those solutions play out in the real world. I saw the potential
and gained interest in this while creating small games within a robust editor of a video game from the 2000s. The same
editor has been responsible for the creation of some of the most popular current video games
and being a part of that history helped me feel a part of a community and has sparked my interest in noticing techs ability to have real influence in the world.

a. What have you done to date to pursue these goals?
I've been making sure to always be learning about new topics or working on a project. Consistency has been my primary goal.
I've been reading and answering practice problems or working on projects, most of which are on my Github.
I also got my associates in Comp Sci.
I've also been applying to jobs daily, which lead me to Per Scholas.

b. What successes have you had along the way?
I worked to graduate with an associates. I received all As my first semester, and got all As in my Comp Sci classes.
I received some meaningful compliments from teachers, such as being called a good student from my english comp teacher.

c. What obstacles have you faced?
Unindeal living situations at points and being totally new to parts of the field.

d. What have you done to overcome those?
Made the best of it and made sure to maintain healthy relationships, utilize teachers knowledge as much as possible
through paying attention and asking questions, and do research on my own.

2. What technology or programming language(s) are you most comfortable using? (Think—previous experience in dev space)
Java, MySQL, React(html, javascript, css), in that order. I know some of others but these are my strongest.

3. What steps did you take to learn this technology – describe your journey? 
I started by taking web development classes, then worked on some small projects and practice problems, then 
worked on my associates degree which solidified some more theoretical CS concepts. I read ahead and completed
the text book that was assigned for all my Java courses since I was comfortable with a lot of what 
was being taught already, ending up doing about double the work.

4. What is something that excites you currently?
The idea of becoming proficent in the skills needed to succeed in this career, and the fact that I'll be 
able to be consulted with as an expert. I'm also very excited to get to know the kind of new
people I see myself having a lot of respect for.

5. Why are you a great fit for this role? (Think—how do you sell yourself for this position. Elevator pitch)
I've aimed to involve myself with Per Scholas as much as possible, a partner to Optum. I'm very eager
to start my career and invest myself in a company with growth oppertunities. I'm dependable, positive, constructive,
and want to learn as much about the technologies, healthcare field, and culture, at Optum as I can.